so one of the things I've been asked
quite a bit is all about the new home
searching with your voice and it's sort
of similar to what the Motorola have
done on the Motorola X I think it is now
effectively what Google have done
he has taken their Google now search
system and integrated it right across
the home screen so effectively your
launcher now is Google now the old
launcher that used to be available as
effective being gutted and all of the
code has been moved across into the
search system so effectively search and
the launcher and our one integrated
piece effectively this is Google now
that we're surfing across on here even
this app drawer everything that it's all
being handled by a people search so it
allows you to do this okay Google what's
the weather like today so you can see I
didn't even have to touch the device I
didn't have to pull up a widget I didn't
have to do anything other than say okay
Google and there we go
it just works the whole idea of just
being able to speak a command to your
phone and off it goes is fantastic and
with Google now having expanded it away
it has with so many new ways of
interacting and also the data it can
pull up as well on request it just makes
a wonderful experience if you want this
functionality all you need to do is set
your Android 4.4 device to us English or
English us if you're in any other part
of the world unfortunately this instant
feature does not work where you can
simply speak speak to the launcher to
your Android home screen and off Google
nail will go what you need to do like I
say switch over to English us and it
will just work for you straight away
obviously it doesn't mean you get the
American voice and presumably it will
have some issues with certain words that
the Brits love to speak differently to
the Americans and you know as everyone
else does around the world but it does
allow you to get that function
you know if you want to have a play with
it and it does work pretty well I have
to say